Create action for "rebase needed" autolabeler (#33)
mdn/workflows: README.md

      GH_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GH_TOKEN }}
```

## pr-rebase-needed

The `pr-rebase-needed` reusable action is located in `.github/workflows/pr-rebase-needed.yml`.

This reusable action depends on the following actions:

- [actions-label-merge-conflict](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/label-conflicting-pull-requests)

## Inputs

The action has the following inputs:

### label

If your repository uses a label named anything other than `rebase needed` (for example, [BCD](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data) uses `rebase needed 🚧` -- note the emoji), you can set the label here.

> - This `input` is optional with a default of `rebase needed`

Reviewer: I would say let’s make the one with the emoji the default.  I am trying to make things look a little more fun by using emojis in general 😸

### comment

When a rebase is needed, the action will write a comment on the pull request to let the PR author know there are merge conflicts.  This can be changed to whatever the repository desires, or left blank if no comment should be added.

- This `input` is optional with a default of `"This pull request has merge conflicts that must be resolved before we can merge this."`

## Secrets

This action requires the following secrets to be passed by the caller. These need to be set as [environmental secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository) using the calling repositories settings.

### GH_TOKEN

Personal access token passed from the caller workflow. Read the documentation on [creating a PA token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token).

## Usage

> In the repository that will call this action, you will need to add a `.github/workflows/publish-release.yml` file with the following content:

Reviewer: I assume you meant:

```suggestion
In the repository that will call this action, you will need to add a `.github/workflows/pr-rebase-needed.yml` file with the following content:
```

    with:
      label: "rebase needed :construction:"
    secrets:
      GH_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GH_TOKEN }}
```

### Usage

In the repository that will call this action, you will need to add a `.github/workflows/pr-rebase-needed.yml` file with the following content:

```yml
name: "PR Needs Rebase"
on:
 push:
 pull_request_target:
   types: [synchronize]

on:
  workflow_call:
    inputs:
      label:
        description: The label to apply when a rebase is needed
        default: "rebase needed"
        required: false
        type: string
      comment:
        description: The comment to write when a rebase is needed
        default: "This pull request has merge conflicts that must be resolved before we can merge this."
        required: false
        type: string
    secrets:
      GH_TOKEN:
        description: 'Personal access token passed from the caller workflow'
        required: true

jobs:
  label-rebase-needed:
    uses: mdn/workflows/.github/workflows/pr-rebase-needed.yml@main
    with:
      label: "rebase needed :construction:" # Replace with appropriate label
      comment: "This pull request has merge conflicts."

```

> 

Reviewer: I don’t think we need this right?
